hello friends we have a question
quite interesting
do immigrants change names in connected
States, and I must say that sometimes they change
and sometimes do not change it depends here that
cultures from which these immigrants
come here for example from india people they
very holding on to their names i think that
in the name there is a lot that is important with
religious point of view and they they
it does not change
I know absolutely nothing about it
buddhism i can say that in judaism
the name plays a fundamental role therefore
not always people want to change names but in
the other side is
counter tendency you come to
another country you want to you
it is more convenient for people who are with
you have a deal that they were more comfortable
so there is one trend there is another
then there are people from china
come from vietnam
they are happy to change their names and have
a lot of funny stories on this topic
I remember 13
we have earned a lot of settings
years among the mexicans and it happened
that when he obtained citizenship through
20 years decided to get citizenship and him
they said it was a good time to
to change because it is not necessary to court
walk there and the court decision then grandfather
began to implement but just here right in
the process is really the most
the best time to change games
that's when you get civil
but he liked the idea could this be
how everyone liked him and he is there
turned out to be sante hanza forests or there type
That neither was the Spanish Palatin script
because he was in this environment therefore
people change names easily
in addition there is another name you can
if you bathe Alice, that is, well, like
substitute such when you can have
a dozen Ilyas that is also known
how are we going to say misha tailors
known as michael there tailors
known as mikel portnova fillet the
still something else there 10 all sorts of names and i
I can in one place so another place so
and that's fine that is when you
fill out all forms of application there and
so on they say and come on come on as
you are there so well according to the documents you
like this and give all your own or
under which you could go there
know there somewhere there and there and this
ok guy caressed the apartment
filmed her business card was written RPC
mind and wish offset so name that I
namaz attempts called no no simple
cool and here I am writing on the wings
I'm so in this sense, the relationship
very light and free ie you
can cut write down your name
John Smith
and when they give you a job offer
and you will fill
really form where you check
will be driven there write all that is
then write there also
but he's with john smith please here but people
many people like me just to
It is convenient to do this. There are times when
people had been times when
people had to change star even
creeds so that it is more convenient
It was now let's say there the Germans in Russia there
took Orthodoxy
and were before this Lutherans there and someone
they were still there or let's say dad Carl
Marx when Carl Marx was three years old
and from the birth of Karl Marx his name was
mordechai but when dad
when mars was three years old dad being
as a lawyer, he fought for German
clientele and he so wanted to somehow
sound like that more well not only sound
but also to communicate and
and here he is he he accepted
Christianity and here it is accordingly there
mordechai became carl and for life
remained anti-Semite delirium
had time to get so close now
easier now do not need to change for
Confession can be and do not have a
just change them if you
but do not want to not that it somehow
fundamentally influenced something ie
by documents you can be anyone a
there somewhere here on the surface you can
to have there several different names i would
It is a measure for the Spaniards give Michel
not for anyone
for the Germans and so on clean